so the way that I deliver bad news as an example like a family emergencies
I'm definitely direct with the person I don't try and dance around
with the issue is obviously if it's something that's a personal
issue that the person is to be aware of such as a family emergency when
a poll that individual aside and somewhere quiet we're just the
two of us can discuss the issue but I'm not going to dance around I'm
going to get right to it and say Hey listen just got a phone call
such and such happened you know here's what we're gonna be able to do
for you what do you need help with and how can we make this happen
but the easiest way when it comes to bad news is just be direct and
don't try and sugar coat it I think people appreciate that because
able to get to the issue right away